# SMDoubleSlider

This is an _opinionated_ fork of SMDoubleSlider, originally created by Kyle
Hammond at [Snowmint Creative Solutions](http://www.snowmintcs.com/).

## Overview

SMDoubleSlider is an open source NSSlider and NSSliderCell subclass
implementation by Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC.  This entire distribution
is only of use to Mac OS X software developers; end users have no need of it.
It is provided in English only, and assumes the user is familiar with Cocoa
development.

The SMDoubleSlider class is a reusable Cocoa control that provides the user
with two knobs on a slider bar instead of the standard one knob.
DoubleSliderApp is a test application for the SMDoubleSlider code by Snowmint
Creative Solutions LLC. SMDoubleSlider runs and can be compiled on Mac OS X
10.0 and later.

The SMDoubleSlider code and the related files in this distribution are open
source. They are not public domain; they are copyright (c) 2003-2008 Snowmint
Creative Solutions LLC. They are governed by an open source license, which is
intended to allow others reasonable freedom in using and modifying the
sources, while allowing Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC to retain some control
over the project. If you intend to use or modify the source code for this
project, you must read and follow the license. The license should be included
in this distribution; if not, you can find it at
<http://developer.snowmintcs.com/OpenLicense.html>.

Documentation for the SMDoubleSlider and SMDoubleSliderCell classes is
included in this distribution; it is also available at
<http://developer.snowmintcs.com/controls/smdoubleslider/docs/>. The
DoubleSliderApp test application is included in this distribution. The pre-
built binaries that are included with the distribution work on 10.4 and 10.5,
but the source code can be adapted for use on older systems.

## License

This software is OSI Certified Open Source Software. OSI Certified is a
certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.

SMDoubleSlider Copyright 2003-2008 [Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC](http://www.snowmintcs.com/)
All rights reserved.
